---
permalink: /about/
title: "Hi,"
excerpt: "Hi, I am Venu Gopal Kakarla."
ads: false
share: false
sitemap: false
---
{% include base_path %}
{% include toc icon="columns" title="Hello" %}
#  I am Venu Gopal Kakarla. #

Hi, my name is **Venu Gopal Kakarla** and I am a **Network and Systems Administrator** with equal parts interest in **Networks**, **Systems**, and **Security**.

I administer servers and maintain systems that are optimised for performance, highly available, scalalble, and meet strategic information technology requirements. I am also no slouch at writing documentation, leading training, and providing ongoing support. My clients and co-workers will vouch that I play well with others too.

I graduated from the **Rochester Institute of Technology**’s Golisano College of **Computing and Information Sciences** with a **Master of Science** degree in **Networking and Systems Administration** along with an **Advanced Graduate Certificate** in **Information Assurance**. 

Prior to that, I graduated from the **Birla Institute of Technology and Science, Pilani** with a **Bachelors of Engineering** honours degree in **Computer Science**. 

I am currently living in the **United States of America**. Previously I have lived in **United Arab Emirates**, **Republic of Cyprus** and **Republic of India**.

I am also interested in staying physically fit and eating well. I also really enjoy living in the United States of America.

This website and weblog is my personal web presence.


# Colophon #

Some info on this site:

* Generated by [Jekyll](//jekyllrb.com), a static site generator.
* Theme based on [Minimal Mistakes](//mmistakes.github.io/minimal-mistakes).
* Hosting by [Github Pages](//pages.github.com).
* CDN by [Fastly](//www.fastly.com).
* Typeface [Ek Mukta](//github.com/EkType/Mukta) by [Ek Type](//github.com/EkType).
* Content licensed under [Creative Commons](//creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/).
